docs: add Clickbench benchmark link to README (#1207)
lakehq/sail: README.md

- **94% cheaper** on infrastructure costs.
- **100% Rust-native** with no JVM overhead, delivering memory safety, instant startup, and predictable performance.

> **🚀 Sail outperforms Spark, popular Spark accelerators, Databricks, and Snowflake on [ClickBench](https://shm.to/clickbench).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**🚀 Sail outperforms Spark, popular Spark accelerators, Databricks, and Snowflake on [ClickBench](https://go.lakesail.com/clickbench).**
```
